Update scenario for the Recipient-list endpoint (#1205)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/examples/endpoint-examples/using-static-recepient-list-endpoints.md

=== "API"
    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <api context="/callEndpoint" name="callEndpoint" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <resource methods="GET" uri-template="/">
            <inSequence>
                <property name="REST_URL_POSTFIX" scope="axis2" action="remove"/>
                <payloadFactory media-type="json" template-type="default">
                    <format>{"payload": "sample"}</format>
                    <args></args>
                </payloadFactory>
                <sequence key="EndpointCaller"/>
                <respond/>
            </inSequence>
            <faultSequence>
                <sequence key="ErrorHandler"/>
            </faultSequence>
        </resource>
    </api>
    ```

=== "Recipient List Endpoint"
    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <endpoint name="RecipientListEndpoint" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <recipientlist>
            <endpoint>

>                 <http method="post" uri-template="<URI_TEMPLATE_01>"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <http method="post" uri-template="<ENDPOINT_URL_01>"/>
```

            </endpoint>
            <endpoint>

>                 <http method="post" uri-template="<URI_TEMPLATE_02>"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <http method="post" uri-template="<ENDPOINT_URL_02>"/>
```

            </endpoint>
            <endpoint>

>                 <http method="post" uri-template="<URI_TEMPLATE_03>"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <http method="post" uri-template="<ENDPOINT_URL_03>"/>
```

            </endpoint>
        </recipientlist>
    </endpoint>
    ```

=== "Endpoint Calling Sequence"
    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <sequence name="EndpointCaller" trace="disable" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <call>
            <endpoint key="RecipientListEndpoint"/>
        </call>
        <aggregate>
            <onComplete expression="json-eval($)">
                <log level="full"/>
            </onComplete>
        </aggregate>
    </sequence>
    ```

=== "Error Handling Sequence"    
    ```xml
    <sequence name="ErrorHandler" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <makefault response="true" version="soap12">
            <code xmlns:soap12Env="http://www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope" value="soap12Env:Receiver"/>
            <reason value="Couldn't send the request to the server"/>
        </makefault>
        <respond/>
    </sequence>
    ```

## Testing the scenario

Open a terminal and execute the following curl to invoke the API.
    ```bash
    curl --location http://localhost:8290/callEndpoint/
    ```

> The response received will be the aggregated output of the responses received from each endpoint which shows that the payload was cloned and it was sent to all the endpoints.

Reviewer: Let's add this as a note and lets say this is done as the aggregate mediator is used.

Author: Fixed in 3fe4427f996a276d6b2b23d3b3ac3351b37cda10

            <endpoint>
                <http method="post" uri-template="<ENDPOINT_URL_03>"/>
            </endpoint>
        </recipientlist>
    </endpoint>
    ```

=== "Endpoint Calling Sequence"
    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <sequence name="EndpointCaller" trace="disable" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <call>
            <endpoint key="RecipientListEndpoint"/>
        </call>
        <aggregate>
            <onComplete expression="json-eval($)">
                <log level="full"/>
            </onComplete>
        </aggregate>
    </sequence>
    ```

=== "Error Handling Sequence"    
    ```xml
    <sequence name="ErrorHandler" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <makefault response="true" version="soap12">
            <code xmlns:soap12Env="http://www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope" value="soap12Env:Receiver"/>
            <reason value="Couldn't send the request to the server"/>
        </makefault>
        <respond/>
    </sequence>
    ```

## Testing the scenario

Open a terminal and execute the following curl to invoke the API.
    ```bash
    curl --location http://localhost:8290/callEndpoint/
    ```

> The response received will be the aggregated output of the responses received from each endpoint which shows that the payload was cloned and it was sent to all the endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will receive a response that aggregates the outputs from each endpoint, showing that the payload was cloned and sent to all the endpoints.
```
